####SCALL
The marriage of component based software engineering (CBSE) and heterogeneous computing provides a foundation for massive real-time data processing. Having multiple components and different types of computational units poses new challenges for a system architect.
The task of placing (allocating, mapping) is not straightforward and fits into NP hard problems. Having a system composed of n components and m computational units one deals with m^n possible allocations making the allocation task laborious and not feasible in polynomial time (for large n and m). A tool which supports and automates this process is essential.
SCALL: Software Component Allocator - considers multiple resource constraints and types to reduce design space by providing a system designer with allocation alternatives. SCALL is an early prototype Eclipse plugin developed for our research on multiple-objective component allocation on a heterogeneous platform. The tool currently supports model creation and visualization, pairwise resource comparison and automatic component allocation.

####Features

Model creation - User can simultaneously model software and hardware architecture of the system. For software components, user can add resources and model their communication channels. Within the same view, the same operation can be done for computational units.The System consists of Hardware and Software compartments. Hardware compartment hosts HWNodes which are connected via HWLinks. Like nodes, links also provide some resources.
Model visualization - Visualization of the model enables easier model creation and better overview of the system. Instead of classical approach of adding elements to a tree-like structure to create a model this approach enables drag-n-drop of model elements from a palette. Visualization also provides a side-by-side view of software and hardware architecture.
Pairwise resource comparison - Having a complete model ready for analysis, user need to perform a manual pairwise resource comparison using AHP notation. Once the importance of resources are known, model can be analyzed.
Software component allocation - SCALL uses the described process to perform a multi-objective allocation of software components on a heterogeneous platform. The procedure results with (sub)optimal solution. At any time, user can rerun the allocation process to get the alternatives. For every solution user is also provided with model consistency value.
